so basically i decided im gonna go for a solo travel trip coz ppl said its good and all for self diskovery or sumthing, and like i was bored at home and work was annoying, boss shouting etc, so i just said okay book ticket without thinkin much. i didn’t even check weather or pack properly, jus threw some shirts and a pair of flipflops in bag. forgot toothbrush, classic me lol

train journey was too long and the seat was not comfy also the guy next to me was snoring SO LOUD like wow dude get ur nose checked or sumthin. i tried to sleep but then baby started crying too so yeah rip sleep. when i reached place (i forgot the name now lol) i was like okay now what? coz i had no plan like zero. so i just walked towards wherever looked nice.

i saw a beach but it was closed or smth coz constructions maybe? there was a dog there tho and we vibed for 5 min before it ran away. then i bought coconut water but the guy gave no straw and it spilled on my tshirt so i looked like wet sock whole day. i tried to find hotel but no internet, so i asked a aunty nearby who yelled at me first coz i said “yo” instead of “hello” i guess. later she said go 2 blocks and right and there's rooms but it was full.

finally found hostel that had bunkbeds and like 7 ppl in one room and the fan was broken but they gave towel for free so i was like cool. the other ppl were from some other countries i didnt talk much coz my english was feelin shy. but one guy had guitar and played song idk but sounded nice so i nodded a lot.

next day i woke late, missed the sunrise that everyone was hyped about on internet but whatever sun comes up everyday lol. went to eat local food which was like some rice thing with sauce but spicy af my eyes were watering. then i tried to rent a scooter but forgot to bring my license oops. guy still gave tho after i said i know how to ride and showed my bike wallpaper on phone. probably not safe but okay we move.

drove around a lot and got lost two times. met old man who spoke in language i dont know but somehow he pointed me back to road using stick and noises. really kind of him. petrol finished once and i had to push bike little bit til small shop where i bought coke and sat there for 1 hour thinkin why am i even here and stuff. kind of deep moment.

last day it rained like crazy so i stayed in hostel whole time just chillin with strangers who were playin cards i didnt understand. still laughed when they laughed lol. packed wet clothes coz no time to dry and caught cold on way back. but overall was okay i guess, i didn’t “find myself” or anything like that but it was somethin diff from normal boring life so yeah. might go again someday with lil more plan and maybe shoes that don’t suck
